reddit post compendium made by BookOfReddit (https://git.io/fA2dt)
options: singular, no UTF-8
--------------------------
This is a compendium of
Reddit posts compiled by
a program. Please go to
the end of the file for
more information such as
the number and url of the
posts inside.

The program used to make
this compendium is called
BookOfReddit and is
available at:

https://git.io/fA2dt

It is made and maintained
by @shaunakg on Github
and u/The_Removed on
Reddit.

I cannot guarantee great
formatting as Reddit is
weird. However the original
Markdown is preserved as
well as the links to the
posts.

Enjoy, and happy reading!

u/The_Removed,
Creator of BookOfReddit

NOTE: Due to the nature of
the program used to create
this, certain characters
such as the interrobang
(which is the '?' and '!'
characters mixed together)
have been replaced with
appropriate counterparts.
For example, the interro-
bang would have been
replaced with '?!'.
--------------------------

--- [Text] The Kevin Jenkins Experience, Chapter 1, Part I ---
I realize this is technically a repost from three weeks ago, but 4chan screenshots aren't exactly easy-to-read, especially on mobile. So, I figured I'd locate an archive and repost the story here, in text form, for posterity.

For those that are unaware, this awesome HFY was written by /u/Hambone3110 a couple years ago, and inspired /u/guidosbestfriend 's HFY-in-progress [Humans Don't Make Good Pets](http://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/2flz4o/), set in the same universe.

---

“Next!” I ordered. I did not at first bother to look up from the desktop in front of me where the standard security systems were scanning the being in front of me for weapons, pathogens, parasites and other such contraband. I only looked up when the machine flashed a message I had never seen before: “ERROR: Unknown Species”

It was small. Barely tall enough to see over the top of my customs desk, in fact. A quadriform biped, forelimbs ending in five manipulating digits. Much of its body was covered in obviously synthetic fabric, with only the forepaws and head visible. Much of the head – the top, around the ears, and down under and around the mouth and nose – was covered in short, coarse fur of a brownish hue, apart from where this had been shaved in front of the ear to accept a cybernetic of some description. My desk registered this as the creature's Interspecies Communication Implant, though it seemed like a shockingly crude example.

It met my surprised stare with the level binocular gaze of a species evolved for predation and the hunt. Small, but powerful and dense-seeming. Despite its lack of height, it had strapped a pack to its torso that looked larger and heavier than I could have comfortably carried.

“Abductee 907-42-96-53-3.” It introduced itself. “Name - Kevin Jenkins.” Fortunately, the crude cybernetic seemed to be functioning perfectly, and I had no difficulty in understanding the thing's speech, or the subtle body language that spoke of a cocktail of bored resignation and weariness.

I had never had to deal with an abductee before, though I had been trained and knew exactly what to do. I closed the booth, stood up and gestured for the alien to follow me with my second right forelimb. “I will need to interview you in private.” I told it. Him. 

He picked up a second bag, and strolled – strolled! While carrying more than I suspected I could physically lift! - after me. Whatever this thing was, it was from a high-gravity planet.

“I know the drill.” He said. “Pretty sure I'll be leaving this station before long, too.”
“Why would that be?” I asked politely as I ushered him into the private interview corral and activated the privacy field. The sounds of immigration control evaporated as a sudden fuzzy silence engulfed us.
He dropped the bags and they landed with a solid, dense noise that told me they were exactly as heavy as they looked. “It's only a matter of time before your colleagues in security prosecute me for vagrancy” he said.
“Why would they do that?” I asked, to make conversation as I prepared the official forms.
“Article 227, paragraph 16 of the Galactic Treaty of Laws.” He said, stretching out and rolling its head. His endoskeleton issued a loud clicking sound and he issued a sigh that my implant interpreted as pleasure. He laughed, a sound that served the exact same purpose as it did in mine, though this one was tinged with bitterness. “Technically, as a member of a pre-interplanetary species, I am a non-sentient specimen of indigenous fauna and therefore cannot be legally employed or own property.”

I indicated my understanding by nodding - another gesture our body language shared in common- and raising the fur at the nape of my neck. 
“The Corti abducted you, didn't they?”
“My kind call them “Greys”.” he replied. 

I nodded. The Corti were small – even smaller than this being – grey-skinned but with large eyes and oversized brains as a result of a centuries-long eugenics program within their species which had vastly expanded their intellect. Most other species suspected that their sense of empathy had atrophied as a side-effect of the campaign to make themselves smarter. They were known for abducting specimens of a pre-Contact species, experimenting on them to acquire biological data, then using that information to be able to sell cybernetic technology to the newcomers that was appropriate to their biology the second they were welcomed into the galactic fold. Unethical, but the species as a whole could not be prosecuted for the actions of a few and so the sale of the implants went ahead anyway. Kevin Jenkins had clearly been one of their victims.

“Apt.” I said. “Why not have the implant removed and return to your homeworld?”
“Because I'd never be able to keep the secret, and so the Office for the Preservation of Indigenous Species won't let me.” he said. “Can we please start with the official stuff? I haven't slept in two standard Diurnals.”

“I apologise” I said, chagrined at my own lack of professionalism. I activated the corral's recording function “Interview begins, interstellar convenient standard date/time 1196-5-24.4. Civilian trade station 591 “Outlook on Forever”, Customs and Immigration Officer krrkktnkk a'ktnnzzik'tk interviewing immigrant pre-Contact abductee. Could you repeat your identification for me, please?”
“Abductee 907-42-96-53-3 Male. Name - Kevin Jenkins. My species refer to ourselves as 'Human'. Our homeworld is a category twelve temperate at co-”
I interrupted him. “I must ask you to take this interview seriously. Your visa will be denied if you continue to mock the immigration system.”

Its facial feature twisted up into an expression of amusement.

“I assure you officer, I am not mocking the immigration system. My species homeworld really is a category twelve temperate. You will find documentary verification of that fact on this data storage.”

I ripped the data from the storage and attached it to the recording. True to his word, a full survey of the “human” homeworld revealed that it was indeed category twelve – a death world. Hostile, vicious and forever primordial. Experimentally I tried to enter this fact onto the paperwork, which of course threw up an error code.

“It is considered impossible for sentient beings to evolve on category twelve planets” I said. 
“As I explained off the record, according to Article 227 Paragraph 16 of the Galactic Treaty of Laws I am, legally, not a sentient being.” it raised its forelimbs and the torso joints moved in a complicated way, denoting resignation. I gave this some consideration, and scrapped the form. He was quite correct and that status made properly navigating him through the immigration paperwork impossible. The recording would just have to do.

Jenkins nodded, and our implants eventually decided that he meant that a prediction had come true. 
“You can see why the administration on station 442 kicked me out.” he said. “I'm a bureaucratic anomaly. The whole system is far too rigid to accommodate me and mine.”

I caught myself nodding my agreement and shut the gesture down. It would show up on the record and negatively impact my next performance evaluation.
“I get the impression that station 442 is not the only place where you-”

I was interrupted by an alarm. Three short howls of noise – the attack alarm.

“Impossible!” I exclaimed as I leapt out of my chair, and registering the motion the corral shut down our privacy field. The remaining passengers from the shuttle that we had been processing were responding with varying degrees of calmness. Some, more skittish species, were beating a hasty retreat to the shuttle's airlock, while others waited for instructions.

I had not finished gathering my thoughts when there was a sudden violent lurch that knocked me from my feet. I saw Jenkins sway with the motion and remain upright, despite the fact that he was balanced precariously on only two legs. A second alarm began to sound – the long wail of a station damage alarm. This was then followed by the angry growl of a hull breach alarm, but oddly not the decompression alarm.

That could mean only one thing.

“Them? Here?” I asked of nobody as I struggled to my feet and trotted to the weapons locker.
“Them?” Jenkins asked, loping along easily next to me in what was clearly much lower gravity than he was evolved for.

The locker reacted to the security codes my station security officer's harness was broadcasting and opened, spilling out a pair of pulse guns, two personal shield emitters and a magazine of coin-sized nervejam grenades. I slapped the shield emitter to the power dock on my harness. There was no visible change, but the sense tendrils along my back felt a tingling as the shield came online. The pulse gun configured itself for my species as I picked it up and connected its power cable to my harness.

“Hunters.” I whispered.

---

Continued in [Chapter 1, Part II](http://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/2ftdrl/)

------ End Compendium, Metadata Below ------
List of books in format ([TITLE], by [AUTHOR] in [SUBREDDIT]):
> "[Text] The Kevin Jenkins Experience, Chapter 1, Part I", by u/f3lbane in r/HFY
